it was a toy but frankly we are
we all know that everything is too much
a lot of associations that is there
to organize a good day on
had a kind of old skate park in
trash all rotten they took it away
moved to the mountain what seems
so waiting for that one there is
finished i wore to saint pierre on
saint-pierre white ravine she was doing
the road
it's a problem but now
with a park like that it will make me
save the essence of cool no
practitioners in my eyes is the best
of Lille for the moment there is also who
comes on possession in a year or so
two years we 'll see what happens but
for now is the one who has in mind
it is this one by a field of flowers
it's new proportions this is the
double even the trip of what we had
before
it's always the same space that
exploited but the more we'll say it's
more fulfilled he kills himself in the green in
did there were there were some
little anton modules but that's it
really it's concrete it's all
skate park is passable know the
countdown we're going to go go
to an extreme reminder rigor if they are
the only ones at the meeting to do that they
are fighting now I
speak to me a little if there are elected and
all here this is directly message
for the direction that are in the process of
fight to put together a team a
freestyle school at the meeting for the
first time on this by that they have
need to be they need to
partnerships
because you know what's the point
to have modules a skate not
international if there is anyone for
show how to use it and we
is where we fight that we have iawacs
also the association what he who
show a skating school and saba there
must be put in place but
according to marco wuala
and that's marc thibault all so
ladies gentlemen
the association urban rider then with
extreme red before we do a
crazy demonstration then with me
we will launch the DJ we start our
earth wah
so that's okay